So, guys, going forward now, let us discuss the text substitution with the help of an example, suppose
we have to have the phys ed attach and we it you can see that in the file.
I have to find a macro max to get the maximum of two integers.
And there is a function called some who's probably has been declared in this idiot.
Not of time.
Now coming to another high profile B dot edge in this header file we have has included the header file,
a dot that we have defined, a macro minimum B, which is used to find a minimum of two integers.
And finally, we have declared the prototype of another function multiply.
So you can see that these two had files a notice.
And we thought that are fairly, very simple and easy.
Now suppose you are a programmer and you are writing a file application dot.
See, now you want to make use of these functions and macros which are defined in a dot and we don't
have to file.
So as a programmer, you decided to include the header file without edge.
So remember, this is the WASM number one of application doxie file, and it is this C file which actually
programa right by using his own hands.
So you can see that in the C file there is a use of the macro square X and there is another function
which is declared as well as defined in this application, doxy source file.
Now going further now let us apply the text substitution on preprocessing directive has to include and
has defined.
So you can see that this is application see file, but it is version to Rozental means that this file
has been obtained by applying the text substitution on Virgin, one of application doxy file numbers.
And two is different from the version run in the respect that this statement that is has include B dot
at is replaced by the contents of the file p dot x.
So this is the substitution.
So you can see that and B dot at.
There are two statements.
These three statements are replaced as it is in version two of application dot c file.
So we obtain version two of application dot C of the first pass of text substitution.
You can also see that in version two of application dot C file, the square X has been substituted by
its definition.
That is a square X is replaced by X into X.
Now, in version two of application file, there is still one occurrence of hash include preprocessing
directive.
So, again, the compiler will apply the text substitution on version two of application dot c file
to eventually obtain the entry of application doxy file.
So version three of application dot c file is different from version two of application or C file.
In the respect that this statement that is has include a dot that has been replaced by the actual content
of a dot as defined.
So you can see that in a file there are only two statements and therefore these two statements has been
replaced in version three of application dot see file.
So version three of Application Dot File is the actual source file, which is obtained after applying
the tax substitution method for the second time.
Now, because we are running out of the space on this slide, so continuing from the next slide we have
here was three of application dot file, which we are carrying over from the previous slide.
Now you can see that there is no hash include preprocessing detective left in this country of application,
Nazi file and all the macro's usage in this source file has been replaced by their actual definition.
That is a square X was already replaced by X into X.
So as the final step of text substitution, the compiler simply removes all the has defined lines from
the source file.
Why it removes this has defined lines, because this has defined macro's, have been already substituted
wherever they have been used in the rest of the source file.
So the final version of Application Doxy file, which is often is actually version four.
And you can see that this is a very schatzi file as compared to actually what Programa wrote as was
one of application doxy file.
Now you can see that in this application doxy file that is not has defined preprocessing directive that
is not has include preprocessing directive.
So it means that the compiler is done with the text substitution.
And now the next thing that the compiler will do is to actually start compiling version four of source
file application Dorsi.
So you can see that version four of application dot seesaws file is actually the final compilation unit,
which the compiler will compile.
So from this example, we understand that Hull compiler performs text substitution on a source file
in multiple passes, and after performing all the text substitution, the final version of the source
file is actually the file, which the compiler can consider for an actual compilation.
Also, note that there will be no has defined and no hash include preprocessing directive in the final
version of application dot c file with the compiler will eventually compile.